Docs/pluggable components (#2851)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/extending/using-grpc-components.md

      containers:
        ### --------------------- YOUR APPLICATION CONTAINER GOES HERE -----------
        ##
        ### --------------------- YOUR APPLICATION CONTAINER GOES HERE -----------
        ### This is the pluggable component container.
        - name: component
          volumeMounts: # required, the sockets volume mount
            - name: Dapr-unix-domain-socket
              mountPath: /Dapr-unix-domain-sockets
          image: YOUR_IMAGE_GOES_HERE:YOUR_IMAGE_VERSION
          env:
            - name: DAPR_COMPONENTS_SOCKETS_FOLDER # Tells the component where the sockets should be created.
              value: /Dapr-unix-domain-sockets
```

Great, do not apply the Deployment yet, let's add one more configuration: The Component CRD.

## Step 2: Declaring a gRPC-based Pluggable Component

gRPC-based Pluggable Componets are defined using the [Component CRD]({{< ref component-schema.md >}}) and its `type` is derived from the socket name (without the file extension).

```yaml
apiVersion: Dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: prod-mystore
spec:
  type: your_component_type.your_socket_goes_here
  version: v1
  metadata:
scopes:
  - backend
```

> You should also [scope](https://docs.Dapr.io/operations/components/component-scopes/) your component to make sure that only the target configured application will try to connect with the pluggable component since it will only be running in its Deployment, otherwise the runtime will fail when initializing the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also [scope]({{< ref component-scopes >}}) your component to make sure that only the target configured application will try to connect with the pluggable component since it will only be running in its Deployment, otherwise the runtime will fail when initializing the component.
```

Author: thanks!

---
type: docs
title: "Using gRPC-based Pluggable Components"
linkTitle: "Using gRPC-based Pluggable Components"
weight: 250

> description: "Extending dapr with external gRPC-based components"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Extending Dapr with external gRPC-based components"
```

---

> For more information on how to develop gRPC-based Pluggable Components click [here]({{< ref developing-grpc-components.md >}}).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to develop gRPC-based Pluggable Components check ["Developing gRPC-based Pluggable Components"]({{< ref developing-grpc-components.md >}}).

```

> The example above shows how a state store gRPC-based pluggable component is declared and used, the same can be applied for the others components.

Reviewer 2: "Above"? As this is a single document, referencing the previous document by "above" is ambiguous as there is no content or example preceding this section of the document.

I would be better to either: 
* directly link to it or 
* assume a read ordering and taking this to be the second document read, use _previous_ instead.

Author: this text shouldn't be there, deleted, thanks

Author: removed!
